A) operators:
    a) arithmatic operators:
        1) 2 values users se leke unki addition print kro.
        2) 2 values users se leke unki substraction print kro.
        3) 2 values users se leke unki multiplication print kro.
        4) 2 values users se leke unki division print kro.
        5) 2 values users se leke unki modulus print kro.
        6) agar apke pass 6 monkeys hai and bananas koi user de raha hai toh sabhi ko monkeys ko kitne bananas equally milenge and kitne banans bchenge.
        7) find area of circle.
        
    b) Relational Operators:
        Q. print true or false:
        1) a<b
        2) a>b
        3) a!=b
        4) a==b 

    c) Logical Operators
        Q. print true or false:
        1) (10<num)&&(num<50)
        2) (num!=15)||(num<10)
        3) !(43>55)

B) If Else:
    1) equal or not
    2) given number is even or odd.
    3) given number is positive or negative
    4) given year is a leap year or not
    5) read the age of a candidate and determine whether it is eligible for casting his/her own vote
    6) centimeter and categorize the person according to their height
    7) Write a C program to check whether a triangle can be formed by the given value for the angles.
    8) Write a C program to check whether a character is an alphabet, digit or special character.
    9) Write a C program to check whether an alphabet is a vowel or consonant

C) Nested If-Else
    1) find the largest of three numbers
    2) Write a C program to check whether a triangle can be formed by the given value for the angles.

D) If-Else Ladder
    1) Write a C program to accept a coordinate point in a XY coordinate system and determine in which quadrant the coordinate point lies
    2) Grades:
        35 > per = fail
        50 > per = c grade
        75 > per = b grade
        75 < per = a grade
    3) Write a C program to read roll no, name and marks of three subjects and calculate the total, percentage and division
    4) Write a C program to read temperature in centigrade and display a suitable message according to temperature state below
    5) Write a program in C to read any day number in integer and display day name in the word
    6) Write a program in C to read any digit, display in the word(1 to 9)
    7) Write a program in C to read any Month Number in integer and display Month name in the word
    8) ATM Machine
    9) print total marks of all subjects, percentages and grades 

E) Switch-Case
    1) Write a C program to print day of week name using switch case.
    2) Write a C program print total number of days in a month using switch case.
    3) Write a C program to check whether an alphabet is vowel or consonant using switch case.
    4) Write a C program to find maximum between two numbers using switch case.
    5) Write a C program to check whether a number is even or odd using switch case.
    6) Write a C program to check whether a number is positive, negative or zero using switch case.
    7) Write a C program to create Simple Calculator using switch case.
    8) ATM Machine
    9) even odd, max, min
    
F) For Loop
    1) Write a program in C to display the first 10 natural numbers
    2) Write a C program to find the sum of first 10 natural numbers.
    3) Write a program in C to read 10 numbers from keyboard and find their sum and average.
    4) Write a program in C to display the multiplication table of a given integer
    5) Write a program in C to display the n terms of odd natural number and their sum 
    6) Write a program in C to display A to Z.
    7) write a program to print table of 9 without using + - / * operators.

G) Nested For Loop
    1) Write a program in C to make such a pattern like right angle triangle with number increased by 1.
    The pattern like :
        1
        2 3
        4 5 6
        7 8 9 10

    2) Write a program in C to display the pattern like right angle triangle using an asterisk.
    The pattern like :

        *
        **
        ***
        ****
    
    3) Write a program in C to display the pattern like right angle triangle with a number. 
    The pattern like :

        1
        12
        123
        1234
    
    4) Write a program in C to make such a pattern like right angle triangle with a number which will repeat a number in a row.
    The pattern like :

        1
        22
        333
        4444

    5) print a table from 1 to 10.

H) While Loop
